aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks

aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks

aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks

aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks

aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks

aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks

aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks
aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks
aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks
aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks
aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks
aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks

aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks
aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks
aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks
aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks
aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks
aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks
aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks
aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks
aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks
aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
aeonAttributeElement name is IncludeInExport
aeonAttributeElement name is Label
aeonAttributeElement name is Arc
aeonAttributeElement name is Relationships
aeonAttributeElement name is Tags
aeonAttributeElement name is Completed
aeonAttributeElement name is Duration
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowTime
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowDay
aeonAttributeElement name is ShowMonth
aeonAttributeElement name is ExternalLinks
aeonAttributeElement name is EventTitle
aeonAttributeElement name is AllDay
aeonAttributeElement name is StartDate
aeonAttributeElement name is Description
from tbx: Optional("gone gone  \n\nend of an era\n\noh so\n\n") ***
from aeon: gone gone

end of an era

oh so

she dies no no no

***
(lldb)